README.md, before:

#What is this?
/u/rainmetersourcebot is a bot created by [/u/pandemic21](https://reddit.com/u/pandemic21) (thank you!) that is here to help enforce rule B1. 
> If you share a completed setup, **provide download links** to skins and wallpapers shown **within three hours** of posting.

This is one of the many changes that are going on to improve your subreddit experience here at /r/rainmeter.
#Why Rule B1?
Rule B1 is the hardest to enforce, and one of the easiest to abuse as us mods don't have the time of the world to make sure that the rule is enforced. 

#What does this bot do?
This bot will:
* Temporarily remove your post if you don't have download links
* Will check for your download link comment after three hours of uptime

#I have a question or inquiry. Who do I talk to?
Talk to [/u/emb3625](https://reddit.com/u/emb3625).

#Dependencies
* Python 2.7.10
* PRAW
* Time
* Datetime

#_DISCLAIMER_
This bot is currently in a testing/beta phase. It has been tested in a small testing environment, but not in the "real deal". Please report issues and be patient as this bot is rolled out. Thank you.

Commit message:

Credits added to /u/nighthawkslo
Credits added to /u/nighthawkslo for continued improvements on the bot.

README.md, after:

#What is this?
/u/rainmetersourcebot is a bot created by [/u/pandemic21](https://reddit.com/u/pandemic21) that is here to help enforce rule B1. The bot has also been modified and improved upon by [/u/nighthawkslo](https://reddit.com/u/nighthawkslo).
> If you share a completed setup, **provide download links** to skins and wallpapers shown **within three hours** of posting.

This is one of the many changes that are going on to improve your subreddit experience here at /r/rainmeter.
#Why Rule B1?
Rule B1 is the hardest to enforce, and one of the easiest to abuse as us mods don't have the time of the world to make sure that the rule is enforced. 

#What does this bot do?
This bot will:
* Temporarily remove your post if you don't have download links
* Will check for your download link comment after three hours of uptime

#I have a question or inquiry. Who do I talk to?
Talk to [/u/emb3625](https://reddit.com/u/emb3625).

#Dependencies
* Python 2.7.10
* PRAW
* Time
* Datetime

#_DISCLAIMER_
This bot is currently in a testing/beta phase. It has been tested in a small testing environment, but not in the "real deal". Please report issues and be patient as this bot is rolled out. Thank you.
